hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_finger_click.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_1.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_119.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_ctrl_c.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_ctrl_p.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_ctrl_r.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_ctrl_v.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_ctrl_x.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_ctrl_z.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_down.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_enter.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_Esc.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_F5.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_left.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_Logo_Shift_F10.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_Menu.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_PageDown.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_pageUp.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_play.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_right.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_right_ctrl_v.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_Shift_F10.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_keyboard_key_up.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_knob.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_knod_hwheel_left.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_knod_hwheel_right.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_mouse.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_remoteControl_enter.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_remoteControl_key_119.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_remoteControl_key_back_158.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_remoteControl_key_channelDown_403.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_remoteControl_key_channelUp_402.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_remoteControl_key_enter.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_remoteControl_key_Menu.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_remoteControl_key_next.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_remoteControl_key_play.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_remoteControl_key_volumeDown_114.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_event_remoteControl_key_volumeUp_115.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_mouse_middle_click.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_mouse_right_click.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_mouse_wheel_down.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_mouse_wheel_up.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_one_finger_moved.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_touchPad_three_finger_move_to_bottom.json
hosmmi-event-injection json inject_touchPad_three_finger_move_to_left.json
